# health-analytics
This repo is a primer for the client project for 504/507.
### Summary of Variables
I created this code to analyze blood pressure. The variables I created included Age, Sex, Height, Weight, Systolic, Diastolic, past_blood_pressure_data and MAP. These variables represent the values for the persons health profile data, that will be analyzed in this code. 
### Explanation of Functions
The function I created is designed to categorize the blood pressure provided under the variables systolic and diastolic under the if/else function. First, if the systolic is less than 120, the code is designed to print "this blood pressure is normal". If it is not, then the function will check the conditions of the variables provided. Else, the systolic is greater than 120 and less than 129, and the diastolic is less than 80, it will print "This blood pressure is prehypertensive". Or, else the systolic is greater than 130 and less than 139, or the diastolic is greater than 80 and less than 89, it will print "This blood pressure is stage 1 hypertensive". Or, else the systolic is greater than 140 and less than 149, or the diastolic is greater than 90, it will print "This blood pressure is stage 2 hypertensive". If the systolic is greater than 180 , and the diastolic is greater than 120, it will print "!HYPERTENSIVE CRISIS! Seek Medical Care Immediately". The expected output based on example data presented as "This blood pressure is stage 1 hypertensive", with the systolic and diastolic variables defined as 138 and 90, respectively. 
